About the role:
We are looking for an outstanding individual to join the 10x Genomics Product Development Team as a Research Associate. The ideal candidate will have a proven track-record of executing complex  molecular biology protocols and high throughput assays. You should be driven by making great products and enjoy working in a fast-paced, innovative and truly multi-disciplinary environment. You will interact closely with colleagues in computational biology, software, chemistry and microfluidics, and apply your skills and knowledge to optimize and evaluate new assays in the area of spatial transcriptomics.
What you will be doing:

Execution of experiments for the development of novel spatial assay schemes including molecular barcoding, nucleic acid amplification, and NGS library preparation
Support and perform systematic workflow and reagent optimization by modeling, identification of critical factors and use of formal design of experiment (DOE) approaches
Work closely with other Scientists to interpret data generated by novel and optimized assay schemes
Maintain accurate records through diligent experimental observations and data tracking
Clearly communicate and present results

Minimum Qualifications:

BSMS in molecular biology, biochemistry, cell biology, or a related field and 2 years of full time, hands-on molecular biology experience in an academic or industrial setting
Strong laboratory techniques with high attention to accurate pipetting and multichannel pipetting skills
Hands-on experience performing complex multi-step experiments with detailed and diligent attention to planning, organization, hands-on technique, and record keeping
Proven track-record of successfully executing high-throughput assays
Proficient in standard molecular biology techniques, which may include sample preparation, nucleic acid purification (RNADNA), and NGS andor DNA sequencing
Hands-on experience with PCR andor qPCR
Desire to be part of a rapidly evolving organization, which requires real-time communication, flexibility, working well with others, and a willingness to learn new techniques and methods

Preferred Skills:

Familiarity with microscopy skills, including immunofluorescence and immunohistochemistry
Experience with next generation sequencing library preparation workflows
Experience with tissue culture 


LI-AA1About 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    